breathing
let me go
inside here and the black a nice
and say you might just
[Music]
Steve
I
[Music]
saqib small premiered in dammit come
sing say a hope to find you open up your
eyes blinded by the lights so you can
see
[Music]
to
[Applause]
[Music]
the seasons come and go like thoughts of
you like a wave return through the sea
into the me change but in a cycle
that I can lose each painful but the
to bathroom you came into my life just
like got nothing season not for long
gesture time just like goodness season
start next year your
[Music]
way they see that
the seasons turn and change it's like
you're mine but like the Sun gives into
the morning - nah
time continues marching it slowly crawls
pull it teach me what started
I recall you gave it
I just
season not for
maybe
this start next year
anyway they see
[Applause]
[Music]
each time of year carries memories like
never fading whisper in the Marines Oh
we'll keep on changing
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
season
[Music]
you